hi this is Stewart hen
I'm the educator at the Geneva History
Center and this is a Geneva history
minute
the original Worsley building at the
corner of State and third Streets was
built in 1866 by Timothy Worsley Walter
D Turner with the help from other
businessman purchased the Worsley
building and converted it into a hotel
with 16 bedrooms on the third floor and
five suites with parlors and bedrooms
attached on the second floor in 1872
renovations were completed and the
building was rented to george hyatt of
elgin who opened the Hyatt House Hotel
with a grand opening on New Year's Eve
1872 at the opening Turner was presented
with a commemorative tea service to
thank him for providing a new hotel to
Geneva the property would change hands
several times over the years and become
the hotel Geneva in 1924 Oscar Nelson
purchased and remodeled the hotel adding
two wings of additional rooms in 1937
the hotel was purchased by dr. P
Clifford Fletcher and his wife Mae who
managed the hotel for 55 years even
after her husband's death may never
modernize the hotel Geneva which added
to the romantic charm of the old hotel
rooms had no TVs or radios there was no
central air-conditioning no ice machines
and telephone calls were routed through
a central switchboard at the front desk
may even refused to accept credit cards
the hotel Geneva remained a quaint
reminder of simpler times after being in
operation for 120 years the last guests
checked out of the hotel Geneva in May
of 1992 today the worst lay building
provides retail space for local downtown
businesses
you